# Balloon flight
## Pancake + SafeCast
- [ ] Clint compiling the components
- [ ] Sends a logic pulse to the MAXIQ board
	- [ ] Parklands High working on the DAQ
	- [ ] Bjarke to do it in parallel and we use that
		- [ ] I can also have a look, Clint has put code on the boards, can help me learn it

## SiPM + Scintillator
### Power supply board
- [ ] Andy's Temu board
	- [ ] I need to understand the voltage drift more
		- [ ] Check what the timescale is
		- [ ] Check if it's a voltage drift affecting the SiPM gain
		- [ ] Check SiPM with the normal PSU to see if there's any drift
- [ ] Clint is making a board for the same purpose
- [ ] Do we have other off-the-shelf options?

### SiPM board
- [ ] Clint is making a board for this detector with one SiPM on it
	- [ ] He's trying to solder it himself, but if that doesn't work it goes to the usual place
	- [ ] I need to test it to see if it works as expected
- [ ] Scintillator
	- [ ] Attached using resin
		- [ ] Tanya and I to test resin on scintillator and glass
	- [ ] What size/shape is the scintillator?
		- [ ] How tall can we make it?
			- [ ] Total detector height is 28 mm (from 1 mm below the PCB)
			- [ ] Where does the scintillator start above the PCB (define a global coordinate system?)
		- [ ] Cuboid
			- [ ] 6x6x6?
			- [ ] Bigger in the detector plane dimensions with overlap?
		- [ ] Spherical
			- [ ] Needs a ~9 mm diameter flat spot for the 6 mm SiPM
			- [ ] Radius depends on height restriction, accounting for the bit missing due to the flat spot
			- [ ] Spherical is nice for marketing, but I don't think will change much about the measurement
			- [ ] 
- [ ] SiPM
	- [ ] 6 mm?
	- [ ] Another one e.g. the Hamamatsu ones I have
- [ ] SiPM + Scintillator encased in something
	- [ ] Made by James?
	- [ ] 3D printed?
	- [ ] Wrapping
		- [ ] White silicone
			- [ ] Does it react with the plastic in any way
			- [ ] What's the light collection like? (Not too important to make it as good as possible, so long as it's reasonable as this is a counter)
		- [ ] Wrapping the scintillator in PTFE tape before the silicone?
	- [ ] 

### Pulse processing board
- [ ] Clint working on it
- [ ] Will detect pulses above a set threshold and output a logic pulse for each pulse detected (I think)

# General detectors
## iThemba LABS
### Detectors
- [ ] Big sphere on 2 x 2 SiPM
	- [ ] Sphere is wrapped on Tanya's desk
	- [ ] Needs to be mounted to SiPMs
		- [ ] Goo or resin?
	- [ ] What kind of case?
		- [ ] Probably one of the square ones James made recently
		- [ ] 3D printed supports needed
- [ ] Little sphere on 1 SiPM (My MSc)
	- [ ] Done unless we want to use resin instead of goo
- [ ] 1" x 1" cylinder on 2 x 2 SiPM
	- [ ] Which cylinder are we using?
	- [ ] Wrapping with paper or PTFE tape?
	- [ ] Shiny reflector on the end?
	- [ ] Goo or resin?
	- [ ] Case?
- [ ] 2" x 2" cylinder on 2 x 2 SiPM
	- [ ] Do we have a cylinder?
	- [ ] Wrapping, mounting, case etc
- [ ] 2" x 4" cylinder on PMT
	- [ ] Straightforward... I think
- [ ] 6 mm x 120 mm prism on 2 SiPM
	- [ ] Already exists

> Note: I believe we have three 2 x 2 SiPM boards, which is just enough 
### Acquisition
- [ ] DT5730
	- [ ] Running with QtDAQ on a laptop as we've done before
	- [ ] Perhaps a lightweight version developed from WaveDump
- [ ] Tanya's new DAQ (silver)
	- [ ] Can run headless on a Pi
	- [ ] Might need some polish regarding file outputs etc (not sure where Tanya is with it right now)

## ASNR AMANDE
- [ ] Which detectors are we taking?
	- [ ] Most likely a subset of those taken to iThemba LABS

## Lunchbox detector
Ideally something that can be run off USB power only and the rest can be managed remotely, i.e. starting data acquisition
### Detectors
- [ ] Could be any detector of ours that runs at ~28.5 V and is small enough
	- [ ] Most likely either big or small sphere

### Power supply
- [ ] Clint's lunchbox PSU with Li batteries?
- [ ] 3.3 V to 30 V stepup circuit running off USB?
- [ ] Clint's other board with the thermocouple etc.

### DAQ
- [ ] Currently Tanya's silver DAQ plus a Pi is the main option
	- [ ] Can the Pi run off USB power?
- [ ] Tom's PSD circuit is possible
	- [ ] Readout using FPGA is possible, provided I can get that onto a SD card of some kind
	- [ ] Can I use the M5Stack/ESP32 instead? I know it has an ADC but not sure of its speed
- [ ] Clint is also working on a PSD circuit
	- [ ] Not sure the current progress of this, need to check after the balloon stuff is done

# Background development
## General process for testing SiPMs
- [ ] Develop a system that can be used whenever a new SiPM board is created to test its energy resolution, light output, FoM
## DAQ systems investigation
- We have the silver box with Tanya
- And the [Red Pitaya](https://redpitaya.com/pro/nuclear-energy-oil-gas/)
- Is there anything else that needs to be explored in terms of compact acquisition systems on the market?
## Temperature monitoring and adjustment
- [ ] Temperature dependence of SiPM output is a problem and needs to be accounted for
## LED pulser in the box
## SiPM board supply
- [ ] Do we have enough SiPM boards for the upcoming experiments?
	- [ ] I believe we have enough 2 x 2 boards (three)
	- [ ] I'm not sure what measurements we want that use 1 SiPM boards so unless we need to update the boards, we don't need to be making any more
## Scintillator supply
- [ ] Do we have the scintillator that we need for the upcoming experiments?
	- [ ] I don't think we have all the cylinders that we need
	- [ ] We need whatever we decide on for the MAXIQ board
	- [ ] Spheres seem to be covered
		- [ ] Might want to check if there's any yellowing
## Patent/IP application

