# NASA HAB presentation
1. Hello everyone. I will be presenting the data from our experiment on board the high altitude balloon, which measured cosmic radiation using a compact detector. Thank you to MAXIQ and NASA for this opportunity.
2. Cosmic radiation comes in many forms, including neutrons, protons, and gamma rays. When this radiation is incident on a piece of scintillator material, it deposits its energy which produces flashes of light. The light bounces around the scintillator material until it hits a photodetector, which in our case is a silicon photomultiplier. 
   We have developed a pulse processing unit that sees a pulse and sends a signal to the MAXIQ board to count it. We output to file the number of counts in some time window. We also developed the power supply board to get from 3 V to 28.5 V.
3. Here is all the data we have. Our device turned off at some point and then turned back on as we were descending. Not sure if this is present in other experiments.
4. We can look at what we expect to see as altitude increases. Here we are simulating with two different codes, EXPACS and CARI-7a, and fixing our position to the location of the air base. This is a reasonable approximation as it doesn't drift that much. 
   We see that as altitude increases, the rate increases until a certain point and then drops down again, which matches simulation in terms of the shape. Small deviations might be down to the fact that we're not modelling the drift and we haven't taken temperature variations into account.
   The shape of the simulation depends on which particles we include, but our detector currently doesn't have a way to discriminate between them.
5. We know our detector increases in count rate as temperature decreases since we put it into a freezer for a while. We haven't yet used these data to calibrate the detector to temperature. We see that the greatest variation in count rate happens at the lowest temperatures, but it's important to note that the is the temperature measured by the balloon's systems, which is not necessarily the temperature of the detector as we are close to electronics and inside a box.
6. That's all for now. We will soon be looking at including the drift into our simulations and correcting for temperature. And lastly we have begun developing a system that can discriminate between the different incident particle types