# Progress Report
## n-gamma counter
- Electronics
	- I'm working on the PSD circuit/filter
	- Unsure about the state of the SiPM and power supply boards
- I've not yet looked at coding on the M5Stack properly
- I looked at the FoM on my detector from goo and PTFE tape and compared it to glue and paint, and the FoM is sliiiiightly lower but it hasn't degraded considerably. 
	- paint: 1.4230 (84)
	- tape: 1.4570 (70)


## Simulation
### Photon timing
- My first attempt showed that as the flat spot radius increases, while keeping the same SiPM size, the photons arrive at the sensor closer together in time
### Light collection
- When we look at how many photons reach the sensor as a function of flat spot radius, we find that a circle inscribed on the inside of the square of the SiPM detects the most photons

Conclusion here? I think you clearly get better timing resolution (thus better PSD) from a bigger flat spot radius, but if you go any bigger than half the side length of the SiPM, you start to degrade your light output resolution. When we consider that we actually don't mind missing a few events that much, then maybe bigger is better. At which point do we just say go as big as possible and go to a hemisphere? Hard to say

### Lead cap neutron multiplication
- I was struggling to see any kind of effect from the lead cap, other than a reduction in protons at higher energies and an increase at lower energies
	- Just look at neutron energies, not deposition
	- a few energies, up to 100 MeV
	- Threshold for (n,2n) is around 10 MeV

## Efficiency
- I've taken the data but not analysed yet, for radiacode, GMC, and n-lab detector
- Still need to do the safecast, and then think about the spectrometer detectors, e.g. my detector, big ball, so on.
- Simulating the geometric terms


# Next steps
- Get the circuit back to Tom and start working on PSD gates, so we can make a final circuit to play with.
- Finish efficiency measurements on all detectors
	- Get list of which ones are needed
- Decision on flat spot radius
	- Do I need to do the same for other geometries?
- I need to get hands on an M5stack to play with so there's no time between getting the PSD circuit and getting the signals saved etc, so we can test things for a while
- Need to simulate some things to get an idea of run length. Haven't spoken to Elizabeth about it yet
- I also have the RedPitaya paper that the PSI guy wrote, but haven't played with it yet.