# Which plots are needed
 - [ ] Figure 3.8: Light output spectrum measured for a 137Cs radioisotopic gamma ray source with a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM. Shown is the spectrum, the derivative of that spectrum, a Gaussian function fit to the gradient, and the centroid value of the fitted Gaussian function.
 - [ ] Figure 3.12: Events as a function of L and S for gamma rays and neutrons produced by the AmBe source at the n-lab, measured by a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM. Shown is the cut made to separate neutron and gamma ray events (red dashed) and the L threshold below which neutron and gamma ray events cannot be separated (blue solid).
 - [ ] Figure 3.13: Light output spectrum of events corresponding to neutrons from the AmBe source at the n-lab, measured by a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM. Neutrons were separated from gamma rays using the cuts in Figure 3.12.
 - [ ] Figure 3.17: Events as a function of L and S for 14.1 MeV neutrons produced by the STNG at the n-lab and the induced gamma ray background, measured by a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM. Measurements made with incident neutron angles of (a) 0°, (b) 90°, and (c) 180°. Counts are normalised to unit maximum bin intensity.
 - [ ] Figure 3.18: Neutron light output spectra for the 14.1 MeV STNG neutron source in the n-lab, measured by a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM at incident angles of 0°, 90°, and 180°. Spectra are normalised to unit area.
 - [ ] Figure 3.19: Edge position of the neutron light output spectra for 14.1 MeV neutrons measured with a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM as a function of the incident angle of neutron beam. Edge positions are represented as a percentage of the position (in MeVee units) relative to the 0° measurement.
 - [ ] Figure 3.20: Neutron count rate for 14.1 MeV neutrons measured with a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM as a function of the incident angle of neutron beam. Count rate is represented as a percentage of the rate relative to the 0° measurement. Uncertainties are displayed as two standard deviations.
 - [ ] Figure 4.3: Events as a function of L and S for gamma rays and neutrons produced using ion beams incident on targets, with the parameters specified in Table 4.1, measured by a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM at the AMANDE facility. Peak neutron energies were (a) 14.1(2) MeV, (b) 5.00(3) MeV, (c) 2.50(2) MeV, and (d) 1.20(2) MeV. PSD cuts are shown in red (dashed) and L threshold cuts are shown in blue (solid). Neutron events are below the PSD cut and gamma ray events are above. Counts are normalised to unit maximum bin intensity.
 - [ ] Figure 4.4: Neutron light output spectra measured by a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM for neutron fields with peak energy (a) 14.1(2) MeV, (b) 5.00(3) MeV, (c) 2.50(2) MeV, and (d) 1.20(2) MeV at the AMANDE facility. Spectra are normalised to unit integral.
 - [ ] Figure 4.10: Time of flight parameter T for for gamma rays and neutrons produced by 17 MeV protons irradiating a thick beryllium target, measured at a target-detector distance of 12.016(1) m using a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM, calibrated using the gamma ray flash.
 - [ ] Figure 4.11: Events as a function of L and S for gamma rays and neutrons produced by 17 MeV protons irradiating a thick beryllium target, measured at a target-detector distance of 12.016(1) m using a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM. Shown is the cut made to separate neutron and gamma ray events (red dashed) and the L threshold below which neutron and gamma ray events cannot be separated (blue solid).
 - [ ] Figure 4.12: Time of flight parameter T for for neutrons produced by 17 MeV protons irradiating a thick beryllium target, measured at a target-detector distance of 12.016(1) m using a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM. Neutron events were separated from gamma ray events using PSD and with an L threshold of 0.25 MeVee .
 - [ ] Figure 4.13: Incident neutron energy for each event in the detector, for neutrons produced by 17 MeV protons irradiating a thick beryllium target, measured at a target-detector distance of 12.016(1) m using a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM. Energy determined using the time-of-flight technique. Neutron events were separated from gamma ray events using PSD and with an L threshold of 0.25 MeVee .
 - [ ] Figure 4.14: Events as a function of light output parameter L and neutron energy E for neutrons produced by 17 MeV protons irradiating a thick beryllium target, measured at a target-detector distance of 12.016(1) m using a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM. A cut in neutron energy of width 0.25 MeV and centred at 10 MeV is shown in blue as an example.
 - [ ] Figure 4.15: A subset of the neutron lineshapes for a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM, measured using the PIAF cyclotron. Protons of energy 17 MeV irradiated a thick beryllium target, producing broad spectrum neutrons up to 16 MeV. Energy was measured using the time-of-flight technique and neutrons separated into energy bins of width 0.25 MeV. Lineshapes have been shifted vertically for visualisation purposes.
 - [ ] Figure 4.17: Events as a function of L and S for gamma rays and neutrons produced by the PIAF Tandetron, with the parameters specified in Table 4.2, measured by a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM. Peak neutron energies were (a) 19.0(3) MeV and (b) 14.8(4) MeV. The 19.0(3) MeV measurement was contaminated by neutrons with energy ∼ 5.8 MeV. PSD cuts are shown in red (dashed) and L threshold cuts are shown in blue (solid). Neutron events are below the PSD cut and gamma ray events are above. Counts are normalised to unit maximum bin intensity.
 - [ ] Figure 4.18: Neutron light output spectra measured by a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM for neutron fields with peak energy (a) 19.0(3) MeV and (b) 14.8(4) MeV at the PIAF Tandetron. The 19.0(3) MeV measurement was contaminated by neutrons with energy ∼ 5.8 MeV. Spectra are normalised to unit integral.
 - [ ] Figure 4.19: Neutron energy determined by time-of-flight for neutrons produced by 2674 keV deuterons irradiating a TiT target, measured at a target-detector distance of 1.018(1) m using a 25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM.
 - [ ] Figure 4.20: Neutron light output spectrum measured by a  25 mm sphere of EJ-276 coupled to a SiPM for neutron field with peak energy 19.0(3) MeV at the PIAF Tandetron facility. The ∼ 5.8 MeV contamination was removed using the time-of-flight technique. Spectrum normalised to unit integral.




## Notes
- For neutron spectra, I think best to just have L (calibrated), S, T (uncalibrated), T (calibrated), E where possible. If not ToF then just L (calibrated), S.