# Abstract
Cosmic radiation, composed of Galactic Cosmic Rays, Solar Energetic Particles, and their associated secondary particles, represents a recognized radiation risk to space missions, satellites, and air travel. Secondary neutrons, with characteristic spectral features in the MeV and 100 MeV range [1,2], are produced by cosmic ray interactions with atmospheric and spacecraft materials [3]. A compact spectrometry system based on plastic scintillators, silicon photomultipliers, and spectrum unfolding is under development for use at aviation altitudes and in space. Reliable spectrum measurements with the device require well-characterised detector response functions across the full energy range of interest. While these can be simulated below 20 MeV, higher energies typically require experimental validation due to known limitations in nuclear models and data.

We present progress towards characterising a prototype high-energy spectrometer presently under development for dosimetry of secondary neutrons and gamma rays produced by cosmic rays. Below 20 MeV, two simulation techniques are validated against measured response functions: the standard Geant4 scintillation package; and a direct conversion between deposited energy and light output. In this energy range, Geant4 uses a data-driven approach, but above 20 MeV it relies on models with limited supporting measurements. We also assess the validity of extending this approach to higher energies using quasi-monoenergetic neutron response functions between 30–140 MeV measured at iThemba LABS, a high-energy neutron facility in Cape Town [4]. By supplementing measured detector response functions with validated simulated data, the energy resolution of unfolded neutron spectra can be improved where access to reference neutron facilities is limited.



# Things to address in the slides
- What the context of the problem is (got that sorted)
- A short slide about our detector system
- One or two slides about the measurement campaign -> why we need simulated responses
- Scintillation package
- L from E method
- First attempts at going to 100 MeV (scintillation)

# Comments from Tanya
- [x] Slides 1-9: Add in the spherical part of it all, and include the patent number
- [x] Slide 5: Talk about unfolding or include it in some way
- [x] Slide 10: Transition feels abrupt. Simplify it by linking it to the response functions and make a high level argument for simulating response functions, then high level summary of the two approaches
- [ ] 
- [x] The scintillation package is pretty standard, so present it as that, and then present the new method in more detail. Tabulate the physics lists and Tanya says to show the simulation, but that doesn't work for this method really
- [x] Slide 11 and 12: remove the physics list screenshot
- [x] Slide 12: less words, rather tabulate the paramters (photons per MeVee, wrapping, etc.)
- [ ] Slide 13: Labels to show before and after modification.
- [ ] Slide 14: Transition feels abrupt (I think I can get through it with just talking.)
- [ ] Watch the casual language


# Slides
## Intro
- Hello
- My research group is developing compact neutron spectrometers and I will be talking about my work on modelling response functions for high energy neutrons in Geant4

## Challenge
- There are a number of environments where high energy neutrons are present where it is not necessarily easy to measure them.
- In all cases, high energy charged particles interact with matter and produce high energy neutrons, with characteristic peaks at 1 and 100 MeV.
- To measure the dose, we need to know the shape of the spectrum as the dose depends on the energy

## Detector system
- We are using a plastic scintillator detector, with a spherical shape. This leads to an isotropic response but also we have found it to result in really good light collection, which leads to better light output resolution.
- The is coupled to an array of SiPMs, which currently output to a digitiser and the summing and analysis is performed offline.
- We are busy working on a low power, fast analogue circuit that can do the acquisition and processing to light output spectrum.
- A note on scintillator physics: A neutron is incident on the scintillator and produces a recoil particle, which deposits its energy by producing scintillation photons. These scatter around until they reach the photomultiplier. The proportion of the neutron's energy which ends up in the recoil particle cannot be known, so the energy of the neutron cannot be know on an event-by-event basis. Thus, to measure the neutron energy spectrum, we use a technique called spectrum unfolding.

## Unfolding
- Here, the light output spectrum, which is just a histogram of the measured light output for each event, is assumed to be made of a linear combination of the spectrum you expect to see when neutrons of a single energy are incident on the detector. These are called "response functions". 
- If we can determine the coefficients of the linear sum that lead to the measured light output spectrum, we can find the heights of the bins in the neutron energy spectrum.
- Below 20 MeV, these response functions are often simulated, but above 20 MeV, the simulations no longer rely on measurements, but instead on models, which can be inaccurate. In order to unfold above 20 MeV, then, measured response functions are required.

## iThemba measurements
- Measurements were made at iThemba LABS where neutrons up to 200 MeV can be produced.
- We had a peak energy around 150 MeV, but what's useful for us is the continuum of neutron energies down to 10 MeV which we can use to make response functions.
- Here is our measurement.
- And using time of flight, we were able to measure the energy of each incident neutron, and thus split our light output spectra into response functions.


## Initial unfolding
- We were able to use our response functions to unfold some fabricated light output spectra, as well as some normal ones. 
- Due to limitations in runtime, we had to have bins 10 MeV wide, which is not ideal. So we are looking into simulations, verified against these measurements, to supplement our response functions.

## Simulation
- We are using Geant4, which is a Monte Carlo based particle tracking software.
- These are the physics lists that were used in the simulation, note the NRESP model, which fixes some of the inelastic carbon scattering.
- Two options are being explored: Using the standard package in Geant4 which creates the scintillation photons and measures them at the SiPM, and using our measurements to create a conversion straight from recoil particle energy deposition to light output.

## Method 1
- The manufacturer of the scintillator provides data for how many photons are produced per MeV of energy deposited, and Geant4 can take those data as parameters.
- There are a number of other parameters defined, such as the coating, the width of the distribution from which to sample number of photons, etc.
- The SiPM is used as a scoring surface and just counts the number of photons per event.
- First attempts at using this method proved reasonable, but required some adjustment to the number of photons produced in order to better match measured spectra.

## Method 2
- Using a combination of measured data from my MSc and data from the manufacturer, a conversion from energy deposited to light output as calculated after the digitiser was determined.
- This produced a "perfect" light output spectrum, which was then broadened using a Gaussian broadening scheme on an event-by-event basis to produce a realistic light output spectrum.

## Summary of methods
- The full optical method implicitly accounts for geometry, so is flexible if geometry changes. It does the Gaussian broadening, and accounts for a nonlinearity in the response of the SiPMs.
- It requires a lot of tweaking the manufacturer's numbers to get it to match measurement, and it runs extremely slowly.
- The semi-empirical method runs quickly, the parameters can be determined by fitting, and the process is very transparent to the user.
- But it relies heavily on measured data, which is sparse, and it's hard to account for geometry if it changes, without measuring again.

## Extending simulations 
- We then move into the region where simulations rely on models, which have not been properly verified with measurement.
- This means the process requires a lot of tweaking of parameters in a continuous loop in order to match measurements.
- We are lucky to have measurements above 20 MeV, which allows us to do this process.
- And our first naive approaches with both methods show promising results, but require modifications to make them match properly, which is the future of this work.

