Neutrons as secondary radiation are present in a number of environments where their interaction with biological matter as well as electronics can lead to adverse health and technological effects. These environments include on-board aircraft at typical cruising altitudes (10-20 km above sea level), in spacecraft (particularly in low earth orbit), in proton therapy centres, and in nuclear research or power facilities. Characterisation and monitoring of these fields is important in order to better inform radiation safety procedures and regulations.

The energy spectrum of neutrons in aircraft has been shown to range from the thermal region to upwards of GeV, but peaks at both 1 MeV and 100 MeV (Goldhagen et al., 2004). A similar distribution was shown to be present in proton therapy centres (De Saint-Hubert et al., 2016). Very few measurements of the energy spectrum present in low earth orbit have been made, but they present similar characteristics (Heilbronn et al., 2015). The large energy range leads to organic scintillators being a good choice of detection medium as they are not limited by the complicated measurement procedures and analyses of Bonner sphere systems; sensitive energy range depends entirely on the sensitive volume.

Standard choices such as EJ-301 liquid scintillator present problems for applications such as those of interest due to the hazardous nature of the material as well as the fragility of the glass container it must be kept in for operation. The typically used photomultiplier tubes also present challenges as they are fragile and their required high voltage could be dangerous in extreme conditions. As such, this work aims to continue the development of new detector systems made from plastic scintillator (Eljen Technologies J-276) and silicon photomultipliers (onsemi MICROFC-60035), both of which are much less fragile and will result in a detector system that is much safer to use.

There have been a number of prototypes developed in the n-lab in the UCT Physics Department (Hutton & Buffler, 2024). Initial work was done on systems that are sensitive to incident neutron direction (Buffler et al., 2023)

, all of which have been tested in the lab and shown neutron spectroscopy capabilities up to 20 MeV, but none have been tested in the environments that they are expected to work in. We aim to continue developing prototypes capable of measurements up to 120 MeV and test them on flights, weather balloons, and satellites. 


# Planned Research Activities/Methods
Characterisation of the detector systems and measurement of spectral response functions is the first step to performing neutron spectroscopy. Beam time at iThembaLABS has been secured and allocated to this project, providing 140 MeV quasimonoenergetic neutrons with time-of-flight. 

Once response functions have been created, the detectors will be tested at the n-lab, unfolding neutron energy spectra from known sources such as americium-beryllium (AmBe). Provided they show spectroscopy capabilities in the lab, the detector will be tested on-board aircraft, weather balloons, and satellites. We have working relationships with the Institut de Radioprotection et de Sûreté Nucléaire (IRSN) from France, who themselves are able to fly detectors on AirFrance flights. We are also in talks with local companies who produce satellite components about how to get a detector in space.