Neutrons as secondary radiation from high energy charged particles pose a risk to both biological and electronic systems in workplace environments such as on aeroplanes, in spacecraft, and in proton therapy centres. Since shielding is impractical in many cases, monitoring and characterisation are necessary to limit the exposure of biological and electronic systems to this radiation. Both neutrons and gamma rays are present in these environments, with neutron energy spectra having peaks at 1 MeV and 100 MeV. As such, it is necessary for a detector to be able to discriminate between the two particle types and be sensitive over the entire 1 - 100 MeV range. Detector systems must also be robust and able to be operated easily outside of laboratory environments. These requirements lead to the use of organic plastic scintillator (Eljen EJ-276) and silicon photomultipliers.

Measured response functions covering the entire energy range allow for accurate and reliable spectrometry using unfolding techniques, which cannot be achieved with simulation in the case of unique detector geometries and detector materials that have not yet been fully characterised. The iThemba LABS high energy neutron facility in Cape Town, South Africa has been utilised to measure detector response functions up to 150 MeV, for a prototype detector that processes signals offline. This work outlines the measurement process, refining of detector response functions, and next steps towards a detector system that processes signals in real time and can output a separate neutron and gamma ray dose rate.

